PBM-907 Doc: Don't stop PITR during backup (#154)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/reference/backup-options.md

The wait time (in seconds) for PBM to start physical backups on all shards. Increasing this value is useful when it takes longer than usual to open the `$backupCursor`.

The 0 (zero) value resets the timeout to the default 33 seconds. 

### backup.oplogSpanMin

*Type*: float64 <br>

> The duration (in minutes) of oplog slices saved with the logical backup snapshot. By default, the duration of backup oplog slices equals to the value defined for the [`pitr.oplogSpanMin`](pitr-options.md#pitroplogspanmin) option (default - 10 minutes). You can reduce the duration in heavy-loaded environments. Note that setting the duration to shorter periods increases the overall backup execution time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The duration (in minutes) of oplog slices saved with the logical backup snapshot. By default, the duration of backup oplog slices equals to the value defined for the [`pitr.oplogSpanMin`](pitr-options.md#pitroplogspanmin) option (default - 10 minutes). You can reduce the duration in heavy-loaded environments. Note that setting the duration to shorter periods may slightly increase the overall backup execution time.
```
